Add Dagger Shell and fix some issue with Docker (#34)
jhaumont/enter-the-daggerverse: hello-sh/README.md

# Introducing Dagger Shell

> This folder is use to test amazing [Dagger shell SDK](https://docs.dagger.io/quickstart/#chain-functions-in-the-shell) see [announce](dagghttps://dagger.io/blog/a-shell-for-the-container-age-introducing-dagger-shell).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder is used to test the amazing [Dagger shell SDK](https://docs.dagger.io/quickstart/#chain-functions-in-the-shell), see [announcement](dagghttps://dagger.io/blog/a-shell-for-the-container-age-introducing-dagger-shell).
```
